### Wen Yuan's Project Portfolio Page

#### Project: CS2113 Student Record System

The Dextro app acts as a management system and provides NUS admins a way to manage student records and progression, using command line language.

Dextro will track students’ progress and provide insights on how a student is faring by storing the grades and modules taken by students and calculating metrics like CAP and improvement.

Given below are my contributions to the project.

- **New Feature:** Implemented edit command for user to edit records
  - What it does: Allow users to edit desire attributes of a student record
  - Justification: User may make mistake when inputing the data. Allow for edit give user the flexibility to just alter attributes' data rather than deleting and recreating the entire record.
  - Highlights: User can choose any number of attributes to edit, provided that the attribute exists in the student record system.

- **New Feature:** Added the ability for user to find a substring in the record file
  - What it does: Allow users to search for any string in the entire file record. Matching students records containing the string/substring will appear for user to view.
  - Justification: User may not want to browse through the entire student records to find a specific record. One commmon use can be finding by name or filter by course name.
  - Highlights: This command can also serve as the filter function as all matching records will appear for the user to view.

- **Code contributed:** [RepoSenseLink](https://nus-cs2113-ay2526-s2.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=ywy2002&sort=groupTitle&sortWithin=title&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&breakdown=true&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&since=2026-02-20T00%3A00%3A00&filteredFileName=)

- **Project Management:** 
  - Managed releases ```v1.0``` - ```v2.0``` (2 releases) on Github
- **Enhancement Features:** Added new Builder function under Student class for ease of changing attributes for possibly future update methods (Pull request [#37](https://github.com/AY2526S2-CS2113-T11-4/tp/commit/0cd921392594a053e6cbce371acee490fc20fc07#diff-2cbe81b1d69f7c6b9e05009566258eb2bba2cee8149d736e56806bf5a3317282))